Add cddl for statuslist cbor encoding (#270)
oauth-wg/draft-ietf-oauth-status-list: draft-ietf-oauth-status-list.md

  * `lst`: REQUIRED. Byte string (Major Type 2) that contains the Status List as specified in [](#status-list).
  * `aggregation_uri`: OPTIONAL. Text string (Major Type 3) that contains a URI to retrieve the Status List Aggregation for this type of Referenced Token. See section [](#aggregation) for further detail.

The following is the CDDL definition of the StatusList structure:

~~~ cddl

> StatusList = {
>     bits: int, ; The amount of bits used per Referenced Token
>     lst: bstr, ; Byte string that contains the Status List
>     ? aggregation_uri: tstr, ; link to the Status List Aggregation
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
StatusList = {
    bits: 1 / 2 / 4 / 8, ; The number of bits used per Referenced Token
    lst: bstr, ; Byte string that contains the Status List
    ? aggregation_uri: tstr, ; link to the Status List Aggregation
}
```
